all these tablets immediately stumbled
upon the Lenovo IdeaPad you 160 I think
that's a very important device it was on
the core i7 was 1.2 gigahertz 4 gigabyte
of ram 320 gigabyte hard described
Windows 7 home premium and 11.6 inch
display 1366 by 768 resolution let's
take a quick look around the system we
have an Ethernet connector Kensington
key log 2 USB 2.0 HDMI out that's a
switch on/off switch for the Wi-Fi
Jack's for the microphone headset couple
of status LEDs here a foreign one card
reader an eSATA connector VGA out the
connector for the PSU it comes with a
6-cell battery and I think it's a five
thousand six are very unfair let's check
out the keyboard
it's definitely the same keyboard design
as this thing but it's 100 e very
responsive it's really good
kind of small trackpad with a structured
surface very responsive and easy to hit
and to press mouse buttons they feel a
little bit you know since it's plastic
it's like glossy glossy plastic 1.3
megapixel camera stereo microphones and
yeah I guess that's it pretty much
that's how it looks like on the letter
talking about price and availability I
think it should be available in Europe
and July not sure about the North
American markets right now should be
around the same time price point $5.99
yeah you can just get a few local and
Noble dealer that's an ANOVA you pet no
not you pat the novo idea that you 160
and social networking is the compact
swatch